feat(curriculum): add Movie Ticket Booking Calculator workshop to Python cert (#64866)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-movie-ticket-booking-calculator/6960b308bf41cc39c9b4b438.md

---
id: 6960b308bf41cc39c9b4b438
title: Step 13
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-13
---

# --description--

In Python, the `or` operator is used to check whether at least one of two conditions is true. Here's how you can use it in an `if` statement:

```py
if condition1 or condition2:
    # Code to execute if any condition is True
```

Extra charges should also apply if the show is in the evening. Use the `or` operator to combine the existing condition of your `if` statement with a second condition checking if `show_time` is equal to the string `Evening`.

# --hints--

> The if statement conditions should be `is_weekend or show_time == 'Evening'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your last `if` statement condition should be `is_weekend or show_time == 'Evening'`.
```
